<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	 xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	 xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	 xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
 	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jstl/core"
 	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

	<ui:composition template="/templates/basictemplate.xhtml">
	<ui:param name="moduleTitle" value="Privacy Policy"></ui:param>
 		<ui:param name="userType" value="Public">
 	</ui:param>

	<ui:define name="body">
	<h:panelGrid columns="3" columnClasses="reg_page_column1,reg_page_column2,reg_page_column3" width="100%">
		<h:outputText value="" />
		<h:panelGroup>
		<rich:panel style="width:'auto'"  id="idPanelContainer" headerClass="panel_header" bodyClass="panel_content_body" styleClass="content_panel">
			<f:facet name="header">
				<h:outputLabel id="idHeaderMessage" >
				  	<h:outputText    value="Privacy Policy"/>
				</h:outputLabel>
			</f:facet>
      <h:panelGroup>
        <p><b>Privacy Policy Updated: </b>January 2010</p>
        <p><b>MyC2I.com and its parent company DINA, LLC.</b>, ("Company") understands
              the importance of online privacy. The following Policy outlines how we do
              business, what information we collect and how, under what circumstances the information
              is shared with third parties, and your options to control what communications
              you receive from us and <span class="GramE">other users of this site</span>. If you have any
              questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
        </p>
        <p><b>Information We Collect <span class="GramE"><span class="grame">And</span></span>
            How It Is Used</b> <br />
            In order to participate in this Islamic mentor-guest network, you must first 
            complete the registration information requested. We ask for an email address so 
            that we can deliver messages generated by the MyC2i website and so we may contact you if necessary. 
            We ask for a mailing address so we know where to ship the products that 
            you may have purchased pertaining to training. 
            We ask for a phone number if you wish to be contacted by phone.
            The system will not display your email address or phone number to any other user.
         </p>
        <p>Registering for this network automatically subscribes you to the MyC2I.com
          newsletter, a periodic email communicating <span class="GramE">various news</span>
          and updates that we think you might like based on the registration information
          you provided. Users may unsubscribe from this newsletter <span class="GramE">
          <span class="grame">an any</span></span> time by clicking on the automated link provided
          on the registration or personal information page.</p>
          
          <p>We request a limited amount of personally identifiable information from
          users who participate in the network on this site. This information includes,
          but is not limited to the following:
        </p>
        <ul type="disc">
          <li class="MsoNormal" style="">email address </li>
          <li class="MsoNormal" style="">name </li>
          <li class="MsoNormal" style="">address, city, state, zip </li>
          <li class="MsoNormal" style="">phone number </li>
        </ul>           
        <p>We use this information to communicate with you about the status of your quest
          for Islamic knowledge, mentor-guest and how your mentor-guest relationship
          is developing. We request your address and phone number for shipping purposes
          and customer support issues.</p>
          
          <p>We use information provided by our users to enhance their experience on this
          and similar Web sites. We also use the information provided voluntarily to send
          out electronic mailings to possible mentor-guest matches that we think will
          be of benefit to you. At all times, Users have the option to unsubscribe from
          such mailings by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided on registration and
          personal information page.</p>
          
          <p>We create internal reports on user demographics and traffic patterns to
          measure the effectiveness of our mentor-guest matching programs, and to analyze
          results. We do use any personally identifiable information to compile these
          reports.</p>  
          
          <p><b>How We Collect Information</b></p>

          <p><i>The Company gathers information in the following ways:</i></p>

          <p><b>Cookies</b><br />
          <span class="GramE"><span class="grame">A</span></span> cookie is a small text file
          stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. The Company uses cookies
          only to enable users to be routed properly through our site. We encourage our
          users to be aware of the individual privacy policies of every Web site that the
          user contacts. </p>
          
          <p>Clear Gif's (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)<br />
          The Company may also use a software technology called clear gif's (Web Beacons
          or Web Bugs), that help us determine what content on our site is most
          effective. Clear gif's are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in
          function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
          We do not tie the information gathered by clear gif's to our customers'
          personally identifiable information.<br />
          <br />
          We also use clear gif's in our HTML-based emails so that we know which emails
          have been opened. We use this information to monitor the effectiveness of our
          email campaigns and to validate our results.</p>

          <p><b>Log Files</b><br />
          Log files are also used to track and monitor traffic patterns on our site. They
          are not used to track or monitor personally identifiable information.</p>
          
          <p><b>Tell-A-Friend</b><br />
          Users may forward the email address of another person who may also be interested
          in this particular network. The information is used only to forward the
          information to that person and is not retained for any other purpose.</p>
          
          <p><b>User Feedback/Inquiries</b><br />
          Users may contact the Company with any feedback, questions or comments. The
          Company uses contact information only to respond to the feedback.</p>
          
          <p><b>Other Circumstances</b><br />
          Subsequent to this network, the Company may sponsor contests or other events
          for which we need to collect and retain personally identifiable information.
          The Company may co-sponsor such events with other companies. </p>

          <p><b>Information We Share</b><br />
          This Privacy Policy applies to consumers that have signed up on the <span class="spelle">MyC2I.coms</span> website. We do NOT sell, brand nor share your
          personal information that you supply to us with other 3rd party businesses. </p>

          <p><b>Use of Information</b></p>
          
          <p>This Privacy Policy applies to consumers that have signed up on the <span class="spelle">MyC2I.coms</span> website, and or have submitted their email
          address through our affiliate network program and other partnerships to promote
          our site. We will not use the personal information that you supply to us and
          work with other third party businesses.</p>

          <p><b>Delete/Deactivate Policy</b><br />
          Users at any time may unsubscribe to our electronic mailings by following the
          instructions that we include on the registration and personal info pages. To
          correct, update or request that we delete information you provided, please
          contact us via email, or by writing</p>

          <p>MyC2I.com<br />

          PO <span class="GramE">Box 830510,</span> Richardson, TX 75081</p>

          <p><b>You can unsubscribe at any time by entering your e-mail address </b><a href="http://www.purelyunsub.com/clm/" target="_blank"><b>here</b></a></p>

          <p><b>Notification <span class="GramE"><span class="grame">Of</span></span> Changes
          To Privacy Policy</b><br />
          
          From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses
          not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices
          change at some time in the future we will post these policy changes to our Web
          site to notify you and provide you with the opportunity to opt out of these new
          uses. <span class="grame">If</span> you are concerned about how your information
          is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.</p>

          <p><b>General Security Policy</b><br />
          <span class="GramE"><span class="grame">The</span></span> Company endeavors at all
          times to meet and exceed standards of online privacy protection. When you
          submit information, your information is protected both on-line and off-line in
          accordance with applicable laws, regulations and industry standards. For
          example, without limitation, the company uses a full-time Network
          Administrator, SSL servers, <span class="spelle">pgp</span> and 128-bit
          encryption to protect the confidentiality of the information you provide.</p>
          
          <p>For additional information or specific questions, please contact us. </p>
          
          <p><h:outputText value="#{bundle.copyright}" /></p>
          
          <p>MyC2I.com is an independent organization for potential <span class="GramE">muslims</span>
          to network with existing muslims.</p>
      </h:panelGroup>
	</rich:panel>
	
	
  <rich:panel id="actionBox" bodyClass="panel_content_body">
			<h:panelGrid columns="1" columnClasses="column_class_center" width="100%">
			</h:panelGrid>				
	</rich:panel>							
	</h:panelGroup>
	<h:outputText value="" />			
	</h:panelGrid>	   
  </ui:define>
   	
	</ui:composition>

</html>