<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jstl/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich">

<ui:composition template="/templates/basictemplate_n.xhtml">
	<ui:param name="moduleTitle" value="What We Believe"></ui:param>
	<ui:param name="userType" value="Public">
	</ui:param>

	<ui:define name="body">
		<div class="page-header box"
			style="margin-left: 10px; padding-right: 10px;">
			<h1>
				<small>What We Believe</small>
			</h1>
			<h3>One God, the God of Abraham, Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad,
				peace be upon them all.</h3>
			<h3>
				All of the Holy Scriptures, i.e., the Scrolls of Abraham, those
				Psalms written by David, the Torah revealed to Prophet Moses, the
				Gospel given to Prophet Jesus, and the <b><i>Qur’an</i></b> revealed
				to Prophet Muhammad, as they appeared in their original forms.
			</h3>

			<h3>
				All of the prophets listed in the <b><i>Qur’an</i></b> , of which at
				least 20 are also mentioned in either the <b><i>Tanakh</i></b>
				(Jewish scriptures) or the <b><i>Bible</i></b>, starting with Adam
				and ending with Muhammad, peace be upon them all.
			</h3>

			<h3>
				All of the angels listed in the <b><i>Tanakh</i></b>, <b><i>Bible</i></b>,
				and the <b><i>Qur’an</i></b>.
			</h3>

			<h3>Heaven and Hell, eternal life after death, and personal
				accountability on Judgment Day after resurrection.</h3>

			<h3>Peaceful co-existence with people of ALL other faiths, by
				promoting personal understanding, interaction, and engagement in
				America and throughout the world.</h3>

			<h3>That the acceptance of faith in a person’s heart is entirely
				between the person and his/her creator, God.</h3>

			<h3>
				Conveying the message of and information about Islam, <b><u>not</u></b>
				to proselytize nor evangelize Islam.
			</h3>

			<h3>Extending the maximum co-operation possible to inter-faith
				agencies who share the same values.</h3>
		</div>


		<table border="0" width="100%" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0">
			<tr>
				<td align="center"><h:commandButton
						action="#{navigationBean.backToHome}"
						value="#{bundle.common_label_back}" /></td>
			</tr>
		</table>


	</ui:define>

</ui:composition>

</html>